when I would have healed Israel then the
iniquity of Ephraim was uncovered and
the wickedness of Samaria for they have
committed fraud a thief comes in a band
of robbers takes spoil outside they do
not consider in their hearts that I
remember all their wickedness now their
own deeds have surrounded them they are
before my face they make a king glad
with their wickedness and princes with
their lies they are all adulterers like
an oven heated by a baker he ceases
stirring the fire after kneading the
dough until it is leavened in the day of
our King princes have made him sick
inflamed with wine he stretched out his
hand with scoffers they prepare their
heart like an oven while they lie in
wait their baker sleeps all night in the
morning it burns like a flaming fire
they are all hot like an oven and have
devoured their judges all their kings
have fallen none among them calls upon
me
Ephraim has mixed himself among the
peoples Ephraim is a cake unturned
aliens have devoured his strength but he
does not know it
yes gray hairs are here and there on him
yet he does not know it and the pride of
Israel testifies to his face
but they do not return to the Lord their
God nor seek him for all this
Efram also is like a silly dove without
sense they call to Egypt they go to a
Syrian wherever they go I will spread my
net on them I will bring them down like
birds of the air
I will chastise them according to what
their congregation has heard woe to them
for they have fled from me destruction
to them because they have transgressed
against me though I redeemed them yet
they have spoken lies against me they
did not cry out to me with their heart
when they wailed upon their beds they
assembled together for grain and new
wine they rebelled against me
though I disciplined and strengthened
their arms yet they devised evil against
me
they returned but not to the Most High
they are like a treacherous bone their
Prince's shall fall by the sword for the
cursings of their tongue this shall be
their derision in the land of Egypt
you